website/docs/session.md, before:

# Session

`session` is the entrance of TaskWeaver. 
It is responsible for the communication between the user and TaskWeaver.
You can refer to [taskweaver_as_a_lib](./usage/library.md) to see how to setup a TaskWeaver session and start chatting with TaskWeaver.


## Session Configration
- `max_internal_chat_round_num`: the maximum number of internal chat rounds between Planner and Code Interpreter. 
  If the number of internal chat rounds exceeds this number, the session will be terminated. 
  The default value is `10`.
- `code_interpreter_only`: allow users to directly communicate with the Code Interpreter.
   In this mode, users can only send messages to the Code Interpreter and receive messages from the Code Interpreter.
   Here is an example:
``````bash
 =========================================================
 _____         _     _       __
|_   _|_ _ ___| | _ | |     / /__  ____ __   _____  _____
  | |/ _` / __| |/ /| | /| / / _ \/ __ `/ | / / _ \/ ___/
  | | (_| \__ \   < | |/ |/ /  __/ /_/ /| |/ /  __/ /
  |_|\__,_|___/_|\_\|__/|__/\___/\__,_/ |___/\___/_/
=========================================================
TaskWeaver: I am TaskWeaver, an AI assistant. To get started, could you please enter your request?
Human: generate 10 random numbers
>>> [PYTHON]Starting... 
import numpy as np
random_numbers = np.random.rand(10)
random_numbers
>>> [VERIFICATION]
NONE
>>> [STATUS]Starting...         
SUCCESS
>>> [RESULT]
The execution of the generated python code above has succeeded

The result of above Python code after execution is:
array([0.09918602, 0.68732778, 0.44413814, 0.4756623 , 0.48302334,
       0.8286594 , 0.80994359, 0.35677263, 0.45719317, 0.68240194])
>>> [CODEINTERPRETER->PLANNER]
The following python code has been executed:
```python
import numpy as np
random_numbers = np.random.rand(10)
random_numbers
```

The execution of the generated python code above has succeeded

The result of above Python code after execution is:
array([0.09918602, 0.68732778, 0.44413814, 0.4756623 , 0.48302334,
       0.8286594 , 0.80994359, 0.35677263, 0.45719317, 0.68240194])
TaskWeaver: The following python code has been executed:
```python
import numpy as np
random_numbers = np.random.rand(10)
random_numbers
```

The execution of the generated python code above has succeeded

The result of above Python code after execution is:
array([0.09918602, 0.68732778, 0.44413814, 0.4756623 , 0.48302334,
       0.8286594 , 0.80994359, 0.35677263, 0.45719317, 0.68240194])
`````

Commit message:

Xz/cli only (#211)
support CLI only mode

---------

Co-authored-by: Liqun Li <liqul@outlook.com>

website/docs/session.md, after:

# Session

`session` is the entrance of TaskWeaver. 
It is responsible for the communication between the user and TaskWeaver.
You can refer to [taskweaver_as_a_lib](./usage/library.md) to see how to setup a TaskWeaver session and start chatting with TaskWeaver.


## Session Configration
- `max_internal_chat_round_num`: the maximum number of internal chat rounds between Planner and Code Interpreter. 
  If the number of internal chat rounds exceeds this number, the session will be terminated. 
  The default value is `10`.
- `code_interpreter_only`: allow users to directly communicate with the Code Interpreter.
   In this mode, users can only send messages to the Code Interpreter and receive messages from the Code Interpreter.
   Here is an example:

``````bash
 =========================================================
 _____         _     _       __
|_   _|_ _ ___| | _ | |     / /__  ____ __   _____  _____
  | |/ _` / __| |/ /| | /| / / _ \/ __ `/ | / / _ \/ ___/
  | | (_| \__ \   < | |/ |/ /  __/ /_/ /| |/ /  __/ /
  |_|\__,_|___/_|\_\|__/|__/\___/\__,_/ |___/\___/_/
=========================================================
TaskWeaver: I am TaskWeaver, an AI assistant. To get started, could you please enter your request?
Human: generate 10 random numbers
>>> [PYTHON]Starting... 
import numpy as np
random_numbers = np.random.rand(10)
random_numbers
>>> [VERIFICATION]
NONE
>>> [STATUS]Starting...         
SUCCESS
>>> [RESULT]
The execution of the generated python code above has succeeded

The result of above Python code after execution is:
array([0.09918602, 0.68732778, 0.44413814, 0.4756623 , 0.48302334,
       0.8286594 , 0.80994359, 0.35677263, 0.45719317, 0.68240194])
>>> [CODEINTERPRETER->PLANNER]
The following python code has been executed:
```python
import numpy as np
random_numbers = np.random.rand(10)
random_numbers
```

The execution of the generated python code above has succeeded

The result of above Python code after execution is:
array([0.09918602, 0.68732778, 0.44413814, 0.4756623 , 0.48302334,
       0.8286594 , 0.80994359, 0.35677263, 0.45719317, 0.68240194])
TaskWeaver: The following python code has been executed:
```python
import numpy as np
random_numbers = np.random.rand(10)
random_numbers
```

The execution of the generated python code above has succeeded

The result of above Python code after execution is:
array([0.09918602, 0.68732778, 0.44413814, 0.4756623 , 0.48302334,
       0.8286594 , 0.80994359, 0.35677263, 0.45719317, 0.68240194])
``````
- `code_gen_mode`: code generation mode.
  - `plugin_only`: please refer to [plugin_only_mode](./customization/plugin/plugin_only.md) for more details.
  - `cli_only`: allow users to directly communicate with the Command Line Interface (CLI) in natural language.
    CodeInterpreter will generate CLI commands (e.g., bash/powershell), instead of Python code, to fulfill the user's request.
  
    💡It is better to enable `code_interpreter_only` when `cli_only` mode is enabled.
    Here is an example:
``````bash
=========================================================
 _____         _     _       __
|_   _|_ _ ___| | _ | |     / /__  ____ __   _____  _____
  | |/ _` / __| |/ /| | /| / / _ \/ __ `/ | / / _ \/ ___/
  | | (_| \__ \   < | |/ |/ /  __/ /_/ /| |/ /  __/ /
  |_|\__,_|___/_|\_\|__/|__/\___/\__,_/ |___/\___/_/
=========================================================
 TaskWeaver ▶  I am TaskWeaver, an AI assistant. To get started, could you please enter your request?
    Human   ▶  what time is it now
 ╭───< CodeInterpreter] preparing          <=�=>
 ├─► [thought] This command will display the current date and time in the PowerShell command prompt.
 ├─► [python] powershell -Command "Get-Date"
 ╰──● sending message to Planner
 ├──● 
 │   Tuesday, February 27, 2024 11:05:05 AM
 ╰──● sending message to Planner
 TaskWeaver ▶  
Tuesday, February 27, 2024 11:05:05 AM
``````
