docs/configuration.md, before:


# Configuration file
The configuration file is located at `project/taskweaver_config.json`. 
You can edit this file to configure TaskWeaver.
The configuration file is in JSON format. So for boolean values, use `true` or `false` instead of `True` or `False`. 
For null values, use `null` instead of `None` or `"null"`. All other values should be strings in double quotes.
The following table lists the parameters in the configuration file:




| Parameter                                | Description                                                                      | Default Value                                                                          |
|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `llm.model`                              | The model name used by the language model.                                       | gpt-4                                                                                  |
| `llm.backup_model`                       | The model name used for self-correction purposes.                                | `null`                                                                                 |
| `llm.api_base`                           | The base URL of the OpenAI API.                                                  | `https://api.openai.com/v1`                                                               |
| `llm.api_key`                            | The API key of the OpenAI API.                                                   | `null`                                                                                 |
| `llm.api_type`                           | The type of the OpenAI API, could be `openai` or `azure`.                        | `openai`                                                                               |
| `llm.api_version`                        | The version of the OpenAI API.                                                   | `2023-07-01-preview`                                                                   |
| `llm.response_format`                    | The response format of the OpenAI API, could be `json_object`, `text` or `null`. | `json_object`                                                                          |
| `code_verification.code_verification_on` | Whether to enable code verification.                                             | `false`                                                                                |
| `code_verification.plugin_only`          | Whether to turn on the plugin only mode.                                         | `false`                                                                                |
 | `code_verification.allowed_modules`      | The list of allowed modules to import in code generation.                        | `"pandas", "matplotlib", "numpy", "sklearn", "scipy", "seaborn", "datetime", "typing"` |
| `logging.log_file`                       | The name of the log file.                                                        | `taskweaver.log`                                                                       |
| `logging.log_folder`                     | The folder to store the log file.                                                | `logs`                                                                                 |
| `plugin.base_path`                       | The folder to store plugins.                                                     | `${AppBaseDir}/plugins`                                                                |
| `planner.example_base_path`              | The folder to store planner examples.                                            | `${AppBaseDir}/planner_examples`                                                       |
| `planner.prompt_compression`             | Whether to compress the chat history for planner                                 | `false`                                                                                | 
| `code_generator.example_base_path`       | The folder to store code interpreter examples.                                   | `${AppBaseDir}/codeinterpreter_examples`                                               |
 | `code_generator.prompt_compression`      | Whether to compress the chat history for code interpreter                        | `false`                                                                                |

> 💡 ${AppBaseDir} is the project directory.

> 💡 Up to 11/30/2023, the `json_object` and `text` options of `llm.response_format` is only supported by the OpenAI models later than 1106. If you are using an older version of OpenAI model, you need to set the `llm.response_format` to `null`.

Commit message:

update config doc for plugin selection

docs/configuration.md, after:


# Configuration file
The configuration file is located at `project/taskweaver_config.json`. 
You can edit this file to configure TaskWeaver.
The configuration file is in JSON format. So for boolean values, use `true` or `false` instead of `True` or `False`. 
For null values, use `null` instead of `None` or `"null"`. All other values should be strings in double quotes.
The following table lists the parameters in the configuration file:




| Parameter                                | Description                                                                      | Default Value                                                                          |
|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `llm.model`                              | The model name used by the language model.                                       | gpt-4                                                                                  |
| `llm.backup_model`                       | The model name used for self-correction purposes.                                | `null`                                                                                 |
| `llm.api_base`                           | The base URL of the OpenAI API.                                                  | `https://api.openai.com/v1`                                                            |
| `llm.api_key`                            | The API key of the OpenAI API.                                                   | `null`                                                                                 |
| `llm.api_type`                           | The type of the OpenAI API, could be `openai` or `azure`.                        | `openai`                                                                               |
| `llm.api_version`                        | The version of the OpenAI API.                                                   | `2023-07-01-preview`                                                                   |
| `llm.response_format`                    | The response format of the OpenAI API, could be `json_object`, `text` or `null`. | `json_object`                                                                          |
| `code_verification.code_verification_on` | Whether to enable code verification.                                             | `false`                                                                                |
| `code_verification.plugin_only`          | Whether to turn on the plugin only mode.                                         | `false`                                                                                |
 | `code_verification.allowed_modules`      | The list of allowed modules to import in code generation.                        | `"pandas", "matplotlib", "numpy", "sklearn", "scipy", "seaborn", "datetime", "typing"` |
| `logging.log_file`                       | The name of the log file.                                                        | `taskweaver.log`                                                                       |
| `logging.log_folder`                     | The folder to store the log file.                                                | `logs`                                                                                 |
| `plugin.base_path`                       | The folder to store plugins.                                                     | `${AppBaseDir}/plugins`                                                                |
| `planner.example_base_path`              | The folder to store planner examples.                                            | `${AppBaseDir}/planner_examples`                                                       |
| `planner.prompt_compression`             | Whether to compress the chat history for planner                                 | `false`                                                                                | 
| `code_generator.example_base_path`       | The folder to store code interpreter examples.                                   | `${AppBaseDir}/codeinterpreter_examples`                                               |
 | `code_generator.prompt_compression`      | Whether to compress the chat history for code interpreter                        | `false`                                                                                |
| `plugin.enable_auto_plugin_selection`   | Whether to enable auto plugin selection                                          | `false`                                                                                |
| `plugin.auto_plugin_selection_topk` | The number of auto selected plugins  in each round                               | `3`                                                                                    |
> 💡 ${AppBaseDir} is the project directory.

> 💡 Up to 11/30/2023, the `json_object` and `text` options of `llm.response_format` is only supported by the OpenAI models later than 1106. If you are using an older version of OpenAI model, you need to set the `llm.response_format` to `null`.
